Well then today is actually expecting the receive queue as well
In I think I want to adjust the xg 8
This is air skipper t one
In to the bus now receiving care of Futaba ride
Connected to
this
xg 8 dual 4 earthquake
It is in the wastewater transferred to
I want to make it enactment that sounds like
So raw
Poop
Representative who received that
Let's just make the power connector
I chopsticks in a state of reception can be
I think I want to, in order, it Yes battle is from here
It is this that it does not enter
I'm sorry I won't get this
One by one
It is transfer it and this part of the s bus from 2 birds but yeah should be connected here
And Na little or no touch
To think
Well then, as it is
Dan
Ever bind
I would like to know if binding is possible with the kit set
think
I was charged firmly that I should have abandoned xg
Put in the middle
Masu Tei
Looks like it's not good if it's too close
I here of the continuous matter
The sensor of the television and Lee is dull and the receiver is also glowing blue
It's lit blue
I want to be able to properly bind the standard kit
Yes
Well Nde this was able to confirm I want to catering to the order
Then I think that I want to go to play
First of all, it's part of 93 gx
Put the chair under the cord for Futaba chair bus
The vinegar lotus is written here, but it stabs in the place where the vinegar lotus is , and the receiver side
I'd had it so bureaucracy was at the chair bus that the receiver side this time
Child gxe I guess this line is standard
Because you have to put one by one using
First of all
It is here
It is the color of wiring
This side
I'm better from the camera back teeth
Of but green blue purple
There is a line mark so here
I will put 5
In the outermost red orange yellow already
That
I have read
It feels like
Then 8
But
Green is
It Green
A-chan
Nde have become
I'm lean
Ne
Nde towards the receiver of that ladder Toka elevator are Ron is written all
For the time being
I'll let it go in order
I am born
day
Ao I gear of a place called jr in the sensitivity adjustment of gay ladder
I will stab you
Purple has a throttle
The throttle is the end opposite to the end, so here
run
I forgot the important things
From receiver to receiver
Battery is supplied now
Because supply from the receiver of 3 gx a battery
I need to
s The bus was not like that
I'd had to prepare only one this line I'd like need it
It is not that the Yes result after restraint
Wiring is complete
Well if you say that what happened in that specific
Oh this
s over number
Of 3 gx side under a tree
This was
s birth
bind
Where it says
Can you say
The back is here right now
In I'd have entered s bus bound teen how
Connect this scene
In this
I have put in 6 in the case of me outside
Humans are good too
A of the that the
bind Tteyuu battery sensor down I'd say even in this the river
9 companies mother in to this external channel so you put that sensor
Put in
Then it started to work normally
For wiring of pom poms
8 is a ne
Purple is
Enter the throttle
The next red is red
Orange is a 0 day
Orange elevator
Green is
ladder
Blue is this blue
that
It is for adjusting sensitivity
After normal
It is for switching the head lock
This is the rear
Outside city is yellow This will be the servo of the pitch
This 3 person of gx is
Riding here here
As it is colored, it is ok if you connect the connector in the same way as this color